(film reel rattling)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(dramatic music)
(text message dings)
(keyboard clacking)
(text messages dinging)
- [Anthony] Lisa. please don't ask me why
I'm sending an email instead
of talking to you in person.
I tried to muster up the
courage over the past few days.
but just couldn't.
I've been unhappy for a while
now. and I'm sure you noticed.
(chair clattering)
(solemn music)
(text message dings)
(keyboard clacking)
(solemn music)
(text message dings)
(keyboard clacking)
(upbeat electronic music)
(man singing nonsense)
♪ Hey. dance to the beat ♪
♪ Let me see you move your feet ♪
(man singing nonsense)
(Lisa crying)
(peas rattling)
(pensive music)
(keyboard clacking)
- That love that you have for you.
that love would never die.
Because the one thing you want to do
is to love. and that love
should begin with you.
Once you love you. you
love the whole world.
- [Author] You now hold in your hands
the knowledge that will
lead you to understand
the closest thing we as
human beings will ever come
to experiencing heaven on Earth.
What would heaven on Earth be like?
It will first start with optimal health.
because without your
health. you have nothing.
This is why I start this book off
focusing on achieving
optimal and excellent health.
I then make my way down to a few ideas
and suggestions on ways that
you can accomplish everything
I mentioned about health.
as well as accomplishing
all of your life goals.
(pensive music)
(woman singing opera)
(television powers on)
- [Reporter] Here's the latest
on the Coronavirus pandemic.
now hitting our coasts especially hard.
Here are the latest numbers.
Overnight cases of COVID-19
surpassed 250.000 worldwide.
with nearly 12.000 deaths.
Here in the U.S.. the numbers are soaring.
More than 24.000 cases and 240 deaths.
By tonight. New York
state's 19 million residents
will be under a stay at home order.
- [Reporter] Americans urge
not to travel unless necessary.
New Yorker stayed home
order taking effect tonight
as neighboring cities join
in. canceling gathering.
(television powers off)
(television powers on)
Contact.
Americans are grappling
with a new reality.
Businesses are boarding
up all over the country.
uncertain when they
will reopen their doors.
as millions of Americans prepare
to file for unemployment.
- [Operator] Welcome
to your current state's
unemployment line.
To continue in English. please press one.
(phone beeps)
For more information. visit
www.unemploymentstateinsurance
/secondarywaivers/i-95 /pandemic
/adjustableinsurance/2020/unemployment
- Sectortonebill.
Please press nine for
even more information.
When you apply for weekly
unemployment benefits.
you will be asked a series of questions.
Answer these questions truthfully
so you will not be sent to prison
or receive benefits that
you may have to pay back.
If you are leaving the country.
even to search for work.
you'd better call us and let us know.
If you do not call. your
benefits will be suspended.
You may also be subject
to additional prison time.
Please do not give anyone
your personal TED number
or website sign in information.
Also do not let anyone
claim benefits for you.
This is considered fraud
and you may be subject
to detestation penalties.
To continue to the main
menu. press one-three-seven.
If you are calling for general information
about your unemployment.
please press three.
To claim your weekly
benefits. please press four.
For information about
unemployment insurance.
please press one.
For information about
qualifying for unemployment.
please press two.
If you think you may
qualify. please press three.
If you're not sure if you qualify.
but interested in applying
anyways. press four.
If you qualified last year. but unsure
if you qualify this year. press five.
If you want to know how
much you think you can get.
press six.
If you would like someone to call you back
in about three hours. press seven.
If you would like someone to
call you back in 77 minutes.
please press eight.
If you're undecided. press nine.
To repeat these choices. press 10.
(text message dings)
(keyboard clacking)
(fabric ripping)
(Lisa spitting)
(tense music)
(Lisa shouting)
(screen smashes)
(upbeat electronic music)
(man singing nonsense)
♪ Hey. dance to the beat ♪
♪ Let me see you move your feet ♪
(man singing nonsense)
♪ Hey. dance to the beat ♪
- [Ashley] Hey. I'm Ashley.
Thank you for paying a visit to my world.
Just as important as
what goes into your body
is what comes out. and
what should come out
should be everything you ate.
Nothing should be in
there lingering around.
I know that sounds a bit nasty.
The most important step
in a detox is elimination.
So if you haven't had a
bowel movement in a few days.
I would first suggest maybe doing an enema
to get things out of there.
You can do further
research to find out more
about how to do it.
Right after that. the diet has
to change the fresh fruits.
vegetables. and foods with fiber.
(keyboard clacking)
(text message dings)
(stomach gurgling)
(Lisa sighing)
(Lisa humming softly)
(distant horn honking)
(text message dings)
(gentle music)
- [Narrator] The question is who are you?
What is your purpose?
We are a forgetful people. so
many things going on around us
that we tend to forget who we truly are.
You must always remember
that you are beautifully
and wonderfully made.
Every hair on your head is accounted for.
You were created by the
divine with purpose.
and you must always remember that.
I want you to take three pieces of paper
and number them from one to three.
And on each one. write down something
that you never ever want to forget.
This is very important.
I need you to grab three
pieces of paper now
and begin to number them one to three.
Now write down these
things that you never ever
want to forget and put them in places
that you will see them every single day.
This will be the first step to
realizing who you truly are.
(gentle music)
(funky music)
(keyboard clacking)
(text message dings)
(gentle music)
♪ I don't need you to praise me ♪
♪ I don't need to prove my worth ♪
♪ The sun goes down and comes back up ♪
♪ I'm still alive ♪
♪ And I am enough ♪
♪ I don't need to impress you ♪
♪ I don't need to win your love ♪
♪ No one else completes my life ♪
♪ I'm just a girl ♪
♪ And I am enough ♪
♪ To everyone that says I'm beautiful ♪
♪ To every man that gave me up ♪
♪ If everybody cares or hates my guts ♪
♪ It's all the same ♪
♪ I am enough ♪
♪ I don't need you to love me ♪
♪ No. I don't need ♪
♪ I don't need you to talk me up ♪
♪ My heart still beats
when you don't see ♪
♪ My heart still beats ♪
♪ All that I do or all that I want ♪
♪ 'Cause I'll never win ♪
♪ I'll never be the best ♪
♪ There will always be something ♪
♪ Hanging over my head ♪
♪ But I let it go. my life goes on ♪
♪ I still exist ♪
♪ And I am enough ♪
♪ To everyone who says I'm beautiful ♪
♪ To every man that gave me up ♪
♪ If everybody cares or hates my guts ♪
♪ It's all the same ♪
♪ I am enough ♪
♪ For all the people
who don't like my hair ♪
♪ And all the ones who build me up ♪
♪ For all the love and
hate that's come my way ♪
♪ I'll be okay ♪
♪ I am enough ♪
♪ Ah ♪
(light R&B music)
(Lisa sighs)
(Lisa sniffs)
♪ Breathe in. breathe out ♪
♪ Damn ♪
♪ All up on my mental ♪
♪ What you been into ♪
♪ Look how the time ﬂew ♪
♪ I cared for you who knew ♪
♪ This thing that we got ♪
♪ The stars had to plot ♪
♪ It won't fade away ♪
♪ I want it to stop ♪
♪ These feelings I got ♪
♪ 'Cause they driving me crazy ♪
♪ Say I ain't the one you want you ♪
♪ Think of all the things
we've been through ♪
♪ Say I ain't the one you want you ♪
♪ Think of all the things
we've been through ♪
♪ Baby. I'm not even gonna lie ♪
♪ Boy you know that I miss you ♪
♪ As time goes by ♪
♪ I look back on when I ♪
♪ Would think of you and say ♪
♪ My baby. my baby. my baby. my babe ♪
♪ I must accept that ♪
♪ You be on your new ish ♪
♪ Riding in ya new whip ♪
♪ Coolen with ya new chick ♪
♪ How could you lead me ♪
♪ To believe that you need me ♪
♪ Untrue with the words that you spoke ♪
♪ Cause you up and you leave me ♪
♪ You don't see now ♪
♪ I don't know how ♪
♪ One day you will ♪
♪ Notice how how real ♪
♪ Notice how deep ♪
♪ I made you feel ♪
♪ This moment in life ♪
♪ You're not by my side ♪
♪ The feeling is weird
but I'm trying describe ♪
♪ The love that I have
for you I cannot hide ♪
♪ I'm usually strong but
I'm weak from your pride ♪
♪ Say I ain't the one you want you ♪
♪ Think of all the things
we've been through ♪
♪ Say I ain't the one you want you ♪
♪ Think of all the things
we've been through ♪
♪ Baby. I'm not even gonna lie ♪
♪ Boy you know that I miss you ♪
♪ As time goes by ♪
♪ I look back on when I ♪
♪ Would think of you and say ♪
♪ My baby. my baby. my baby. my babe ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I'm not even gonna lie ♪
♪ Boy you know that I miss you ♪
♪ As time goes by ♪
♪ I look back on when I ♪
♪ Would think of you and say ♪
♪ My baby. my baby. my baby. my babe ♪
♪ Breathe in. breathe out ♪
(gentle piano music)
(smoke detector beeping)
(suspenseful music)
(fire extinguisher hissing)
(solemn music)
(fork clinks)
(cap snapping)
(Lisa sighs)
(whipped cream spraying)
(pensive music)
(woman singing opera)
(can pops open)
(Lisa exhales)
(Lisa farts)
(Lisa sighs)
- [Author] Did you know
that most of the stress
that people have in their
lives is from thinking
about things that didn't even happen yet?
They're either dwelling on
something bad from the past
or fearing something that can potentially
happen in the future.
Anxiety is not caused by
any particular situation.
Anxiety is caused by how you
respond to that situation.
How you choose to think
about that situation
will affect how anxiety will affect you.
(pensive music)
(camera clicking)
(keyboard clacking)
(upbeat electronic music)
♪ Let's go. let's go ♪
(man singing nonsense)
♪ Hey. dance to the beat ♪
♪ Let me see you move your feet ♪
(man singing nonsense)
- [Author] Without self-discipline.
you will not be able
to accomplish anything in this book.
This is the single most important quality
to succeed in just about anything.
If you can discipline yourself
to do what you should do.
when you should do it. whether
you feel like it or not.
nothing will be impossible for you.
(keypad beeping)
(upbeat electronic music)
♪ Lie to me. lie to me ♪
♪ Lie to. lie to. lie to me ♪
♪ Lie to me ♪
♪ Lie to me. lie to me ♪
♪ Lie to. lie to. lie to me ♪
(upbeat electronic music)
♪ Yeah ♪
(man singing nonsense)
♪ Hey. dance to the beat ♪
♪ Let me see you move your feet ♪
(man singing nonsense)
♪ Hey. dance ♪
(phone chiming)
(gentle music)
(scale thudding)
(Lisa exhaling)
(text message dings)
(keyboard clacking)
- [Anthony] A huge thank you
to this exceptional baker
who just put together a fabulous cake
for my beautiful girlfriend.
(solemn music)
Lisa. please don't ask me
why I'm sending an email
instead of talking to you in person.
I tried to muster up the
courage over the past few days.
but just couldn't.
I've been unhappy for a while now.
and I'm sure you noticed that pain
that I was feeling in my side?
Well. apparently it wasn't gas.
I just came back from the
doctor. and Lisa. I have cancer.
(solemn music)
I'm so sorry you had
to find out like this.
I been trying to figure
out how to tell you.
But the world's not completely over.
The good news is that they caught it early
and may be able to cut it out.
This has just been so overwhelming for me.
After my surgery. we're
gonna do what you said.
I want to start eating healthy too.
We can start the journey today.
And it has nothing to do with your weight.
You know I love you so
much and I don't care
about your weight at all.
Please don't be upset with me for writing.
I have the surgery in two days.
Maybe we can meet up beforehand and pray.
I love you so much. Lisa.
Bye for now.
(doorbell rings)
(solemn music)
(gentle music)
♪ I don't need you to praise me ♪
♪ I don't need to prove my worth ♪
♪ The sun goes down and comes back up ♪
♪ I'm still alive ♪
♪ And I am enough ♪
♪ I don't need to impress you ♪
♪ I don't need to win your love ♪
♪ No one else completes my life ♪
♪ I'm just a girl ♪
♪ And I am enough ♪
♪ To everyone that says I'm beautiful ♪
♪ To every man that gave me up ♪
♪ If everybody cares or hates my guts ♪
♪ It's all the same ♪
♪ I am enough ♪
♪ I don't need you to love me ♪
♪ No. I don't need ♪
♪ I don't need you to talk me up ♪
♪ My heart still beats
when you don't see ♪
♪ My heart still beats ♪
♪ All that I do or all that I want ♪
♪ 'Cause I'll never win ♪
♪ I'll never be the best ♪
♪ There will always be something ♪
♪ Hanging over my head ♪
♪ But I let it go. my life goes on ♪
♪ I still exist ♪
♪ And I am enough ♪
♪ To everyone who says I'm beautiful ♪
♪ To every man that gave me up ♪
♪ If everybody cares or hates my guts ♪
♪ It's all the same ♪
♪ I am enough ♪
♪ For all the people
who don't like my hair ♪
♪ And all the ones who build me up ♪
♪ For all the love and
hate that's come my way ♪
♪ I'll be okay ♪
♪ I am enough ♪
(text message dings)
♪ Oh ♪
♪ I am enough ♪
♪ When I'm weak or strong ♪
♪ If I'm right or wrong ♪
♪ I am enough ♪
♪ If I stand or fall ♪
♪ If I lose it all ♪
♪ I'm still enough ♪
♪ I don't need to show you ♪
♪ I don't need to prove you wrong ♪
♪ On your team or all alone ♪
♪ I'll be okay ♪
♪ I am more than enough ♪
♪ To everyone that says I'm beautiful ♪
♪ To every man that gave me up ♪
♪ If everybody cares or hates my guts ♪
♪ It's all the same ♪
♪ I am enough ♪
♪ For all the words they
said that cut me down ♪
♪ And all the ones who gave me up ♪
♪ No one can dim my light ♪
♪ Or shut me down ♪
♪ I'm still alive. and I am enough ♪
♪ I am enough ♪
♪ I'm doing fine ♪
♪ I'm just a girl ♪
♪ And I am enough ♪
♪ I'll be okay ♪
♪ I am enough ♪
♪ I am strong ♪
♪ And I am enough ♪
(upbeat electronic music)
♪ Lie to me. lie to me ♪
♪ Lie to. lie to. lie to me ♪
♪ Lie to me ♪
♪ Lie to me. lie to me ♪
♪ Lie to. lie to. lie to me ♪
(suspenseful music)